Birju!
Uncle!
You have become such a wealthy
man, yet you haven't changed.
Whatever I am, is due to
the blessings of all of you.
Where is the birthday boy? He
is here... Look! There he is!
Brother.
May you live long, my brother!
If our parents were alive
today, they'd have been so happy.
I have not seen my parents.
But whenever you touched
my head to bless me,...
... I felt as if they had blessed me.
Did you see that, uncle?
Until yesterday, he used to
play on my lap, and today...
Today, he talks like a big man.
- Let's go and cut the cake.
- But brother, Madhu...
Yes! You will not cut
the cake without her.
Best wishes for your brother's birthday.
Wow! A 'Raja'(king) and a 'Rani'(Queen)!
This is you and me.
I am Raja, but you are Madhu.
Yes, you are right. Come with me.
Brother, why isn't my name
Rani, when his name is Raja?
Yes, that should have been the case.
Okay, we'll call you Rani from today.
What are you thinking about, Brijnath?
- I was thinking, that...
- I understand.
Why don't we change our
friendship into an alliance?
You have voiced my thoughts exactly.
I present this ring as a token
of this auspicious occasion.
We are related from today.
- Sir, there's a call for you.
- Excuse me.
- There is a fire in the building.
- What!
Do not cry, Raja.
Everything will be fine.
Look at this...
Everything is over.
Even if I sell myself,...
... I won't be able to
compensate for this devastation.
I knew, that at such times,...
... only one man would
come to wipe my tears.
If fate could be changed
by wiping one's tears,...
... then I would certainly do that.
But that does not happen.
I have come to return the ring.
This alliance cannot be fixed now.
- What are you doing?
- Keep your mouth shut!
I know what I'm doing. Today he
is not our eQual. He is finished!
Mr. Rana, was our friendship
based only on status?
Yes! When status is lost,
friendship won't exist either!
And when friendship does not exist,
then neither can this alliance!
Here's the ring.
- Come on.
- I want to go with Raja.
You have nothing to do
with Raja anymore. Come on.
Where are you going? Come on!
Raja, stop!
I want to go to Raja!
Is brother Birju okay, auntie?
Why are you Quiet? Is he okay?
For God's sake, tell
me! How is my brother?!
No!... No!
Brother Birju!
It doesn't come together... it does not.
Brother...!
What happened?
No!
What's wrong with you?
What happened to Birju?
Quickly put him on the bed.
Sister, Quickly telephone
the mental hospital.
Auntie, ask the doctor not to
send my brother to the asylum!
He will not be able to live without me.
Raja, he'll have to be admitted
there. It's for his own good.
If he sees tears in your eyes,
it'll be difficult to take him.
Wipe your tears, dear.
I can understand your pain, son.
But you will have to control yourself.
I want to go with Raja.
They are bringing him. Please be Quiet.
Raja, where are they taking me?
They are taking you
to a better hospital.
There will be specialists.
You will be treated properly.
Once you have recovered,
I'll take you home.
I will return home soon, won't I?
No! I will not go anywhere without you.
I'm coming with you.
You sit in the ambulance.
I'll fetch your things and medicines.
Okay. I'll wait for
you in the ambulance.
Take me to a better hospital.
I have to get okay and return home soon.
My brother is all alone.
Why have you... ? Doctor,
my brother will be coming.
He'll come, Birju.
I will not go without my brother!
Brother Birju!
I cannot live without you.
Raja, I hit a goal and we won!
Yes, brother. We've won.
Birju, here's a kilo of carrots for you.
Doctor, how are you?
- How are you?
- Very fine.
- Come home and have tea.
- No. I've got to go to the hospital.
- Please have a cup.
- Fine.
Oh dear!
What nonsense is this?
Aren't you ashamed of
throwing this on the road?
I say, show up!
Nobody will come out like this.
Whose silver spoon is this?
Silver spoon?... It's mine.
It is yours, eh? Here you are.
Henceforth, throw the litter
in the municipality bin.
Take the money for the egg
from him... Let's go, doctor.
Raja, your brother is
unbelievable! What brains!
That man will never throw
litter on the road now.
Nor will he eat eggs. Please sit.
I'll prepare some carrot sweetmeat.
Hey listen!...
Is he the same man, whom
you had pleaded with,...
... 15 years ago, to
come to the hospital?
The changes that I see in him is
due to your love and dedication.
You are indeed incredible, son!
I have done the incredible, Raja.
I have brought such a
superb girl for you...
... that you will get a
heart attack when you see her.
Here's her photograph.
Isn't she gorgeous?
Fool! You found this girl for me?
She isn't a girl from
an ordinary family,...
...but from a very respectable one.
Her father owns 8 liQuor
dens and 15 distilleries.
He is no ordinary man!
Get lost, fool! My Raja won't
marry some ordinary girl.
He'll marry only a 'Rani'(Queen).
You are right, auntie.
God has made one for me.
But I wonder where she is now.
Rascal! You eat my hand
as if it were a toast!
- You're looking stunning today.
- Thank you.
Where were you last night?
Last night, I got so badly trapped,...
Sorry sir, I spoilt your clothes.
Fool! Can't you see
where you are walking?...
Don't be angry. He is a poor
man. Everyone makes mistakes.
Go and do your work.
Amazing man! His clothes got soiled
and he didn't even protest. Who's he?
He is a very noble man. He
does not know what anger is.
He is Gandhi reincarnate. People
call him 'Shantipati'(Peaceful One).
I can destroy his peace
of mind in two minutes!
Even if you kill yourself banging
your head, he will not get angry.
Want to bet? I will not abuse him.
Yet, I'll put him in such a plight...
... that he will tear his
clothes and scream like a madman.
The same manager will send
him to a mental hospital.
If I do it, then will you
hit your head with your shoe?
It is God's gift. I keep anger at bay.
Sir, I want to talk to you
for 2 minutes. May I sit here?
Please do.
- What is the matter?
- Well, it is...
First promise me that
you will not be angry.
Why should I be angry?
Tell me, what the matter is.
I would have told you. But
I'm afraid, you will get angry.
No. You are unnecessarily
getting scared. I never get angry.
- Tell me without hesitation.
- All right.
Well,... never mind. You will get angry.
I have told you, I do
not get angry. So tell me.
Look! You are already
getting a bit angry.
I do not get angry. Please
tell me, what the matter is.
You're lying. You are getting angry.
I swear by God,... I am not angry!
Kindly tell me, what the matter is.
Never mind. You are angry!
Just a minute, madam...
Ramprasad, am I getting angry?
Yes, sir. A little.
- This is not anger!
- This is anger.
- You are sweating.
- What nonsense...!
Your eyes have become bloodshot.
Your nostrils are flaring.
And you are breathing fire!
- And you say, you are not angry?
- No! I do not get angry!
I do not!
- Do I look angry?
- Yes.
I do not get angry!
Baldie, my friend,... do I look angry?
Yes, you do.
This is not anger!
Say that I do not get angry!
I do not get angry!
All right, madam. Remove your shoe
and let it be your crowning glory!
Henceforth, do not lay a bet with me.
Why are you showing off? Give
me a chance to prove myself.
All right.
I'll throw the match-box
from this table,...
... and it will land in that man's cup.
Want to bet? If I win, then you'll
have to do whatever I ask you to.
- You'll have to listen to me now.
- Fine. What do I have to do?
You'll have to kiss the first
man who enters the restaurant.
It's okay to joke.
Abide by the condition, or let
her say, that she is a coward.
If I have laid a bet, I
will abide by the condition.
- Hey fatso!
- Look at the way you drive!
Hey, listen... I do
not want to eat here.
No, come home!
Where are you going, sweetie?
All right, Madhu. There comes your man!
- What nonsense is this?
- I... I lost the bet.
I was supposed to kiss him.
But you came in the middle.
Madam, a spinster gives her
first kiss to her lover,...
...to whom she loses her heart,
and not to any passing stranger!
- Where are you lost?
- I think she's bowled over!
Deepa, I have found
the prince of my dreams.
Madam, a spinster gives her
first kiss to her lover,...
... to whom she loses her heart,
and not to any passing stranger!
We have been here since morning.
But your hero hasn't yet turned up.
- My heart says he'll surely come.
- But how can you win his heart?
I love him, Nisha. And
I will make him mine.
Let alone love you, he won't
even give you a second look.
Want to bet a thousand bucks?
One does not lay a bet when
one's heart is at stake.
Why don't you say you lack the guts?
- It's an insult. Lay a bet!
- Yes. Go ahead!
Fine. That's a bet.
He has come!
Please tell me what the matter
was. I will not get angry.
Let go of me now, or I'll get angry!
I have escaped from the mental hospital.
Please tell me, what the matter was.
- I think, she's calling me.
- Not you but the handsome bloke.
Hey, handsome! She is
calling you. Look there.
Say ''hi'' to her.
Did you recognize me? I
am the same one whom you...
- Kissed yesterday.
- Kissed?
Shall I come there?... I'll come there.
Your words yesterday have
cast an amazing spell on me.
I cannot think beyond your kiss.
Such a great kiss?
- People are listening.
- So what?
Why should anyone mind if we
talk of romance... Do you mind?
- No.
- He does not mind.
You were right yesterday.
A spinster's first
kiss is for her lover.
And I have chosen my lover.
Look! What a daring girl she is!
Madam, neither am I your
lover, nor are you mine.
He asks to be left alone!
Don't consider me an ordinary girl.
I come from a respectable home.
I am the sister of the city's
richest man, Rana Mahindra Pratap.
My name is Madhu.
- A king and a Queen?
- Yes, this is you and me.
I am a Commerce graduate.
I know 6 languages.
I am 5 feet 6 inches in
height and weigh 55 kilos.
Now, what do you think of me?
Tell her, you think she's good.
- Yes, she is good.
- Then Quickly kiss her.
I had seen Abhishek five years ago.
But he has completely changed
after returning from abroad.
Please forgive me, sir. He
indeed has returned from abroad.
But he has not changed at all.
He has not let the
ways abroad affect him.
Therefore, we have chosen him
for our sister. There comes Madhu.
He is the prince of
Nigampur, Abhishek Sanyal.
This is his uncle, and
she is my sister, Madhu.
Pretty... very pretty!
Monkey!
- Did you say something?
- No.
No... Yes. She was praising you.
Words won't suffice to praise him.
He owns many mills,
factories and palatial homes.
There is a personal zoo too,
behind the mansion where I live.
They must be staying there then!
- Did you say something?
- No... Yes.
She said, that we will
get breakfast for you.
You have a very pretty and polite
sister... just like my nephew.
Sister-in-law,
who's that clown?
Don't speak like that. He's from
a royal family and is very rich.
Your brother is fixing
your alliance with him.
- With him?
- Yes.
I won't even employ him
as a servant at home!
- I have chosen my beloved.
- What!
And I have promised to meet him today.
Don't worry. This container
will reach Kolhapur.
And I will personally take these two.
I have to leave early today.
I have to take my wife out.
I also want to leave early today.
Hey, you are not married! What
will you do going home early?
Oh? You are having an
affair? ... Go and enjoy!
Are you going to meet Madhu?
- Who are you?
- Nisha, Madhu's friend.
I have come to tell you that
Madhu is only putting on a charade.
- What?
- Yes.
That rich brat is
fond of fooling people.
This time she has
played the fool on you...
... for a bet of Rs.1000 with me.
- You are lying!
- Suppose it's the truth?
I will never forgive that rich brat!
Here's your money, Madhu.
- All of a thousand?
- Yes.
Nobody can win a bet with you.
You have indeed turned Raja
into a Romeo, in just one day.
I always do what I am determined to do!
I won't keep the money. Go ahead
and enjoy! I'll foot the bill!
Raja?... You?
Don't you dare utter my name!
I know your true colors now!
I admit, I did lay a
bet. But the truth is...
What do you know what love is?
For you, love is only a bet!
A bet of Rs.1000.
Fortunately, Nisha told me the truth.
For I had thought your love to be true.
Don't show me your dirty
face again! Understand?
Raja, please listen to me.
You're misunderstanding me!
She provoked me to lay the bet.
But I really love you.
I do not want to listen to
anything. Stop following me!
Listen to me. Please forgive
me and say that you love me.
- You won't say it?
- Never!
- What are you doing?
- You'll soon know.
Thief! Thief!!
Hey! A thief is stealing the
girl's purse!... Constable!
Not me! There, in the front.
You steal the girl's purse? You thief!
- I am no thief!
- I'm glad you caught him.
Madhu, what kind of a joke
is this? Tell them, who I am.
- Do you know him, madam?
- No.
How can a decent girl like
me know a thief like him?
So he is a liar!... Come
on! I'll teach you a lesson!
Excuse me, sir... I want to
talk to the thief in private.
Raja, there is still
time. Say that you love me.
I will not say that,
even if I am hanged!
Take him away! He says,
he will not get reformed!
Why did you have Raja
thrown behind bars?
What else could I do? He was
not ready to say, ''I love you''.
You have dug your own grave!
Now he will hate you forever!
- What do I do now?
- Captivate his family.
You mean, send them also to prison?
Idiot! I mean, win them over!
I will! Everyone will be
astonished at the way I do that!
Abdul was saying that Raja
did not return home at night.
Yes. That is why I am very anxious.
Oh dear! When a young boy
disappears from home at night,...
... then assume, something is wrong.
Shut up, you fool! You
always talk nonsense!
- Did you inQuire at his factory?
- Yes. He didn't go to work either.
Oh God! Then where did he go?
I'll tell you. He was with me all night.
- But who are you?
- My Raja's beloved.
Now you will ask, how the story began.
Auntie, this story is two years old.
Oh my God! You've known
Raja for two years?
Yes. We've been treading the
path of love for two years.
But last night...
... there was an accident.
Yes. An accident where two pairs
of eyes and two hearts clashed.
How?
It was night time and it
was pouring incessantly.
We were near some old ruins.
Both of us were
shivering due to the cold.
Raja somehow... lit the fire.
On one side, the fires
raged. On the other, we too.
Somewhere in the distant,
a song was playing...
''You are so bewitching
insanity grips my love''
''I fear, things may go beyond control''
Shut up!... Then what happened?
Then he looked at me like
the actor, Dilip Kumar.
I smiled like the actress, Vyjantimala.
Then he winked at me like Rajesh Khanna.
I felt coy like Sharmila.
Then he caught my hand like
Amitabh. I got restless like Rekha.
He was overwhelmed with
emotion. I got scared.
He embraced me like Dharmendra.
I tried to break free...
... like Hema, but...
But what happened?
''Your loved one has lost her chastity''
'' By cleansing the
sinners of their sins''
Goodness me! Lmplying
'everything happened' ?
Yes. Then he walked out on me
in the morning, like a villain.
I cannot show my face to anyone now.
If Raja does not accept
me, I will kill myself!
I'll kill myself!
Hey, nobody is looking?...
Look! I will kill myself!
- No. You will have to live.
- Hey! Raja has come!
I will set him right today!
It is your family problem.
You resolve it. I'll go inside.
All right.
Greetings! What's the
matter? You look very fresh.
Am I looking fresh?
- I had a harrowing time last night.
- I know.
Where were you last night?
Get lost!
Go inside! You will
have to face the music!
You have disgraced yourself!
Oh God! How did they get to
know I was in jail last night?
You mean, you know
where I was last night?
We have the full report.
Auntie, it is not my
fault. That girl trapped me.
- That girl must have trapped him.
- Shut up.
Is he a small boy to get misled?
Didn't you feel ashamed
to outrage her modesty?
Come on, auntie! My honor
has been lost, not hers.
Bravo! You eat the fruit,
and throw the skin on others!
Let alone fruits, I did not
get to eat anything in there.
- I slept hungry in the
lock-up. - In the lock-up?
Yes, auntie. Do you know why?
Because I did not tell her,
I love her. So she trapped me.
I swear, if I meet her anywhere,...
...l'll land her in
a deplorable condition!
I shall not let her alive!
Be calm and drink water.
You? What are you doing here?
Auntie, she's the girl who had
trapped me... Speak the truth!
- Say or...
- I'll tell!
Whatever I told you were lies.
The truth is, that I love Raja a lot.
But he does not love me.
All's fair in love and war, isn't it?
What would you have done in my place?
We would have done the same thing.
Hey! That's enough! And get out of here.
Get out!
Hey! Do not push her! She is my sister!
Hey, you take care of your sister!
Where are you going?... Get out!
You are an amazing girl! A while
back, you were merrily dancing.
And now you are crying.
Tell me something. You
love Raja a lot, don't you?
Don't worry. I'll make
things work for you.
For this, I will have to act a little.
''I have blossomed into my youth today''
''I have bloomed from
a bud into a flower''
You had me frightened.
I am in love with you.
How did this change take place?
Now I will demonstrate
the change to you.
It was different when we
were young. I loved you then.
But now, I am in love with someone else.
What? You love someone
else when I'm around?
Before you disgrace yourself,
I'll get married to you. Come on!
- What are you doing?
- I am going to marry him.
- Come to the temple.
- You'll come home with me!
- I am his husband, Raja.
- What rubbish!
He will become a widow.
- What's wrong with brother?
- I do not know.
He came home in the morning
complaining of a stomach ache.
So my aunt, who has come from
the village, gave him a syrup.
Yes. This is the bottle.
Birju drank all of it.
- It's the effect of the medicine.
- But where is your aunt?
Aunt!
Hey, son! Can't you
see where you're going?
- Who are you?
- She is Madhu.
Aunt... Aunt Madhu!
Hey, auntie! My brother
is behaving abnormally.
- What medicine did you give him?
- What did I give?
- Hey! Did he drink all of it?
- Yes.
Oh God! I gave the wrong medicine.
The effect is Quite disastrous.
Its effect will not wear
off for a week or so.
- What?! For a week or so?
- Yes.
- But there must be a solution.
- There is.
But one has to go to the
jungle to get the herbs.
Then come with me.
You aren't my husband,
that I'd go with you.
- I shall not come.
- You will have to!
If you do not come, then I
will pick you up and take you.
- You will take me forcefully?
- Yes!
Then pick me up!
- Aunt, leave me alone! Listen...
- Damn you!
Do not act tough with me.
Quietly go the jungle,
or I will sock you! Fatso!
Hey, you scoundrel! You call me a fatso?
Do I eat from your earnings? You donkey!
You call me a fatso? ... Get lost!
Drunkard! Do I eat from
your earnings?... Leave me!
Aunt, I beg of you to let
go of him, or he will die.
Since you are asking me so lovingly,...
... I'll let go of this rat!
Ass!
If anyone talks to me lovingly,...
... then I can do anything for him.
Come on. Let's go to the jungle.
Now will be the fun.
I am fed up of driving in the hills.
Where will I get the herbs?
There is no gain without
pain, is there, my Raja?
- What... what are you doing?
- Shall I say something?
I like you a lot!
That's enough! If I get angry, then...
Scoundrels!
- What are you doing, aunt?
- Where did you get hurt?
That does not matter.
What nonsense is this? Aren't
you ashamed of doing this?
She will not improve! She will not!
The tire is flat! The city
is 200 kilometers. Away.
Let's make merry!
Nothing doing! I shall make
arrangements to leave now.
Irrespective of what you
say, it's all your fault.
If you had agreed, there'd have
been no need for the charade.
And we would not have had
to get trapped in a jungle.
There's still time.
Admit, that you love me!
Why do you keep harping on love?
- Do you love me a lot?
- Yes, Raja.
Will you do...
- ... what I ask you to?
- Try me.
- Then strip!
- No!
I want to love you.
Right now.
No, Raja! This is no way to love.
It's my way.
You want to win me over? Then
you must comply with my wishes.
- You'll have to surrender to me.
- No, Raja.
Ask for my life, but...
I do not want your life, but your body!
No!
I knew, your love was only a pretense.
Listen to me, Raja.
You are a farce, and so is your love.
Wait, Raja!
If this is the only
way to win your love,...
If this is the meaning
of love for you,...
If lust is the criterion
of your love,...
... then take this body!
Come and satiate the fires of your lust.
Cross your limits and
take away my chastity!
Madhu, your chastity means
more to me than my own life.
Lust is not the criterion of my love.
Nor have I forgotten my limits.
I have deeply wronged by
not trusting your love.
Forgive me, Madhu.
Madhu, when my name is 'Raja'(king)...
... then why didn't your
folks name you 'Rani'(Queen)?
When his name is Raja,
why isn't mine Rani?
Yes. Your childhood friend.
I am very happy today.
Thank God that both of you are united.
It had to happen. The alliance
that you had fixed in childhood...
... had to be realized.
Yes, brother. She is
Madhu, my childhood friend.
Bless you, dear.
You do not know, your brothers...
Raju told me everything. I know
why the alliance was broken.
Therefore we have decided
to have a court marriage.
No, Raja! No!
It will be wrong.
I will go to my friend to
resurrect this broken alliance.
I can't believe, that the
auspicious time would come so soon.
We'll leave now. We have to make
arrangements for the engagement.
There is a lot of work to do. Greetings!
Hurry up, driver.
Oh? So he is your brother?
Yes. He is our Raja.
Won't you invite your friend inside?
You are far below my status
to step into my house.
Mr. Rana!
You do not know that Raja
and Madhu love each other.
I know it very well!
My sister has fallen
in love with a boy...
... whose home I would
not even like to step into!
It's a fact, that we are
poor and ordinary people.
But people in love are oblivious
to any kind of discrimination.
The truth is that marriages
are made in heaven.
Not in heaven! They are made here!
You intentionally had your brother
trap my sister in his love...
... so that you could settle old scores!
- No, brother. It's a lie.
- It is the truth!
It is a conspiracy of his dirty mind!
I had heard that there are
some wicked men in the world.
But you are the worst of them all!
I can give a fitting
reply to your impertinence.
But I am not fond of
throwing stones in muck!
And you must also
listen to me carefully.
You are getting engaged
to Abhishek tomorrow.
If anyone tries to obstruct
this auspicious occasion,...
...irrespective of whether
it's a bier or a palanQuin,...
... it will leave with great splendor!
Ladies and gentlemen, I would
like your attention please.
Every year on this day, you
assemble in this mansion.
Because I celebrate my sister's
birthday with great splendor.
But today, there is
another reason to celebrate.
I announce my only sister,
Madhu's engagement...
... with the prince
of Nigampur, Abhishek.
- Call Madhu.
- I will.
Why are you so shocked?
Brother's announcement is true.
I will get engaged,
but the bridegroom...
... will not be a prince of any kingdom.
It'll be the king of my heart.
- What nonsense is this?
- It is my decision, brother.
Who are you to decide about your life?
Only I have the right to
make decisions in this house!
I am leaving the house where I
cannot live the way I want to!
You are disgracing us before
others for this scoundrel?
Let me see how he
leaves this place alive.
Then shoot! But the bullet
will first pierce your sister!
Shoot!
Shoot if you have the guts!
- No! Have you gone crazy?
- Yes! I will kill her!
- So who has stopped you? Shoot!
- Yes, I will!
And you! You are ready
to get shot for him.
Ask him once, what he can do for you!
Ask!
You are disgracing your
ancestors' honor for him.
Ask him, what he can do for you!
You are forsaking 20 years
of our love for his sake!
Ask him, what he can do for you!
Ask him, whether he can
traverse the distance...
... of 20 steps, barefoot? Ask him!
No, Raja! You will not do it!
Leave me!
No!
Look! Your love has accepted
defeat walking just four steps!
How can he be with you
for a life long journey?
Falling in love is no child's play!
Even the mightiest crumble!
Never test the ones truly in love!
Love has made the mightiest bow!
Wow! What a couplet!
Give my Madhu's hand in mine.
Swine! Scoundrel!
Lock her up in her room.
Hey! Throw him in the
very gutters he came from!
Hey, he is Raja!
What?... No!
Open your eyes.
What happened?
Oh God! Who is the swine
who did this to my Raja?
Auntie, I know who has hit my brother.
I will not spare him!
Hey! Where are you barging in?
Hey, come down!
Come out, you scoundrel!
Come on down, you scoundrel!
If you have the guts, then come down!
Swine! You come to our
house and challenge us!
Stay there! I'll be there!
Come on down! I'll send you up!
You don't know, how to talk! Swine...
Brother, help!
Brother, call the police! Save me!
This is Rana Mahindra Pratap speaking.
Look at what he has done to my
brother. Arrest this lowly man!
You must be lowly!
Come to your senses!
You do not know, he hit my brother.
They beat him black
and blue, and threw him!
I shall not spare you! I shall not!
Get lost! How can you harm me, madman?
Then hear the challenge of a madman.
If I do not get your sister
married to my brother,...
... then I will be damned!
I'll hack your brother to
pieces before this happens!
Let alone hacking him to pieces,...
Even if you raise a
finger at my brother,...
... then your state will be such...
... that you won't be counted as
a man, nor accepted as an eunuch!
I still cannot fathom,
who could have beaten...
... our Raja so mercilessly?
If I come to know who it is...
... then, I swear by God,
I will slaughter him...
... the way a butcher slaughters a goat!
- What's wrong with him?
- Something bad happened.
What happened?
The police arrested
Birju. He is in jail.
- What?
- That's real bad news.
So Raja should not hear of this.
Or his condition may deteriorate.
But how will we get Birju released?
The Inspector demands
a bail of Rs. 15,000.
I will not accept a bail, Mr. Rana,...
... even if I'm given Rs.1,00,000.
He broke a lot of glass in your mansion.
If I do not break that
many bones of his,...
... then I will be damned!
You talk of 6 months. He will
rot here for around 10 years.
Yes, sir. I received your
bundle. Now, my job begins.
All of you share this. The rest is mine.
That's fine. But we should
not keep the money here.
We have just got information,...
... that the Anti-Corruption
Bureau is going to raid the place.
If they catch us with the
bribe, we'll be sacked, sir.
- Do something, sir.
- Take this money to my house.
- Just a minute.
- What is it?
- Please come here.
- Tell me. What is it?
Sir, give me your hand.
- Are you an astrologer?
- Sir, please give me your hand.
Take a good look! You'll
get beaten with it!
You have a good hand... Five fingers.
Hey, leave my hand! My hand!
Help!
Hey, you fools! Where are all of you?
How did you enjoy? You will beat me?
My baton! Pandey, get my
baton... Open the cell.
Nobody dare move from their place!
We have come from the
Anti Corruption Bureau.
Welcome, sir. You won't find anyone
corrupt in this police-station.
Everybody is honest here.
Don't heed him. Even when he wanted
to come out of his mother's womb,...
... he had asked for a bribe
from his father. Don't spare him!
Hey! You keep shut!
We know what we have to do. Understand?
Search him.
I found it! I found it!!
How should I punish you for this?
Sir, tie his hands and feet,
and putjaggery on him...
... so that the ants eat him up!
Sir, please forgive me. This
mistake will not be repeated.
I'll do whatever you ask me to.
- Then release the innocent man.
- All right.
Harpal, Quickly unlock the
door and bring Mr.Birju out.
- Hurry!
- Yes, sir.
Nobody dare move from their place!
But who are you?
We have come from the
Anti-Corruption Bureau.
- What is this drama?
- Release our brother. He's innocent.
Silence! Who are you?
Why are you crying?
He arrested our brother for no reason.
And he is demanding Rs.50,000
as bribe for his release.
We have given him 50,000.
Now the fool demands 75,000.
Sir, they are lying! I will...
- Where did the money come from?
- This is not a bribe. I...
Seal his mouth.
Constable... release the innocent man.
Thank you very much for
releasing a poor man like me.
- Shall I take my money, sir?
- You may.
Come on everybody!
I shall teach this
dishonest man a lesson.
Raja, are you okay?
I am okay, brother. But you
should not have gone there.
- Suppose something happened to you?
- Nothing will happen to me.
Harm will befall only those scoundrels.
- The battle is mine.
- No, it is ours.
Don't be crazy.
They have money, power and people.
You cannot win against them.
We will certainly win, auntie.
By might, mind or deceit.
I will openly laud...
... whatever you have done to Raja.
That madman gave big talks.
Watch, he will not even
look at the mansion now.
Hey! Talk of the devil,
and the devil appears!
Swine! How dare you enter in! Get out!
You are like a lit bomb...
ready to explode anytime!
I am not here to fight, but
to give Raja's wedding card.
You look Quite mad,
but are Quite sensible.
It's good, you fixed your
brother's marriage elsewhere.
- Get him almond sherbet.
- With saffron.
Yes, with saffron...
Where is the girl from?
From here itself... By your grace...
... the alliance has been
fixed with a rich family.
- You also read it.
- Fantastic!
Birju Patangwala invites
you for his brother, Raja...
... and Madhu, Mr. Mahindra
Pratap Gadwal's sister...
Swine! How could you do such
a cheap trick and come here?
Isn't it a custom to give the
first card to the bride's family?
Scoundrel! You fix an alliance with us?
You will not go out alive from here!
I shall not spare you alive!
That's good!
Shoot me. You will
make things easy for me.
Idiot! How can things become
easy for you if you die?
You stupid fool, you do not understand!
He will shoot me; I'll die. Both
of them will be hanged to death.
Madhu and Raja's way
will be cleared. Shoot me!
He is right, sir! Do not shoot him!
Do not shoot!
Try to understand. He is right.
He has done half the job
by printing the cards.
The remaining, he will
do after your death.
It's good, you did not shoot him.
You are the only sensible one
amongst them. The others are foolish.
- You fool!
- Yes?
Come here.
I do not know about the others.
But you look like a human being.
I will give you an advice
for free. Accept it.
Remove all thoughts about Madhu.
Or you will be in such a state...
... that you will not
be counted as a man,...
... nor accepted as an eunuch.
Mr. Rana, our next meeting will
be on the 25th of October,...
Brother, he came to our
house and threatened us?
I swear, never
underestimate your enemies.
The madman can do anything.
Uncle is right. There are 25
days more for the 25th of October.
The madman can do anything.
So let's take Madhu
somewhere else for 25 days.
I have a bungalow 25
miles away from Alibaug.
We'll take Madhu there and
get her and Abhishek married.
Then we will see how the
madman claps with one hand!
All right.
Madhu will see the rising
sun tomorrow only at Alibaug.
Do not worry.
Nobody can separate Madhu from Raja.
Sit Quietly, Madhu!
Nobody can separate me
from Raja. Untie my hands.
- Sit!
- No!
Driver, faster!
Take a left turn!
Take a right turn!
Stop!
Oh God! The bus is precariously
placed on a hilltop!
Quiet!
Sit! I am coming.
Come behind!
We got saved!
The bus is going to fall in the
valley. Let's Quietly go away.
Hey, where are you going? Sit!
What are you doing?
Why are you tying us?
We got saved! We got
saved a second time!
He is tying the veil. He
is tying everything today!
What is he doing?
Uncle, he is hanging upside down.
I think, he is performing an act
in the circus. But why this way?
We got saved again!
What are you doing?
He has freed the girl.
He will free us too.
Raja dear, untie me. God will bless you.
I will untie only one of you.
- Me!
- No, me!
Quiet!... You decide first.
We'll go for a stroll till then.
- They're gone because of you.
- No, you!
Excuse me... Where does this bus go?
- To hell!
- I'll alight a stop earlier.
Hey! Do not board the bus!
Hey blind man, do not board it!
Why shouldn't I? Do you own the bus?
I will certainly travel in it!
Fool! Are you on a swing?
He is not even listening!
- Is this a bus or a boat?
- Come this side!
I think, even God does
not want us to separate.
Fine! Then I will sleep with you.
Do you want to accept one
another as husband and wife?
- Yes.
- Both of you sign here.
Stop!
Brijnath, don't think that I
have come to stop this marriage.
I have no objections
against this marriage now.
I have always wanted
my sister's happiness.
And if she can get that from you,...
... then I shall never be a
barrier between you and her.
Both of you will always
have my blessings.
I have only one reQuest
to make, Brijnath.
I have raised my sister like a daughter.
I had many dreams for her marriage.
If that sister leaves
for her husband's home...
... from her brother's
house, instead of a court...
... then I will be very grateful to you.
It was not our intention to hurt you.
Forget whatever happened.
Your wish is our command.
Madhu's palanQuin will
leave from your house.
I shall never forget your
favor all my life, Brijnath.
Brother!
You bowed at the feet of the
ones unworthy of our kicks?
What's wrong with you?
Do not forget, in order to save
your business from sinking,...
... you have borrowed
millions of rupees from me.
You had promised to
get Madhu married to me.
And if it does not happen so,...
... then the unthinkable
will happen to you.
Are all of you through?...
Now listen to me.
Do you think, I have accepted
defeat?... No, Vishwa!
I have done this, so that I
can overthrow them completely.
I have disarmed the enemy
by winning his trust.
Mr. Rana what is all this?
It is only a small token for
the marriage. Please accept it.
No, Mr. Rana.
You have given the
Goddess of your house,...
... your greatest wealth to us.
We do not want anything else.
I am proud of my sister's choice.
... who has chosen a home where
the hearts of its people...
... are filled with a wealth
of contentment and culture.
You talk of wealth?
But there are full chances of
me going bankrupt. Greetings!
What's the matter, Ranglani?
You look very worried.
A check of Rs.1 million...
... belonging to the party
at Sitanagar has bounced.
I've telephoned ten time since
morning but nobody answers.
I suspect something fishy.
You will have to go to Sitanagar
by the evening train, Raja.
But I cannot leave my brother alone.
It's a matter of only two days.
Try to understand. There's no
one else to look after brother.
What are you saying,
Raja? Are we not there?
If he stays as a guest at
our house for two days,...
... then we'll get a chance
to be hospitable. Right, Madhu?
- Brother is right.
- But you do not know...
No buts, Raja. Get ready
to leave. Take him, Madhu.
I have cleared your way. Take
the goat and slaughter it.
We were waiting for you, Natwar.
Brother, will he be able to
do what we have thought of?
You cannot trust me? I will
present a small demonstration.
Raja, do not make me angry.
If I get angry then,... I will hit you.
Incredible, brother! You
have brought a superb artiste!
Natwar, if you do ourjob
properly, we'll make your life.
But do not forget your limits
because that girl is our sister.
Trust me, Mr. Rana.
Your work will be done.
And that madman will land
in the mental hospital.
- What are you doing here?
- I have heard everything.
And I have understood everything.
Your compromise with Birju
the other day was a charade.
But I will not let you
do such a lowly thing!
I shall tell Madhu everything now.
Don't you dare! If
you open your mouth...
- ... then I will leave you!
- No!
Then keep your mouth shut! Understand?
Go to sleep now. Call
me if you need anything.
I am very frightened of lightning.
What's there to be frightened of?
Go to sleep. Nothing will happen.
- Do not leave me!
- Fine. I'll sit here. You sleep.
Who are you?
I... Madhu, I am Birju.
You had me frightened.
What are you doing here?
Go to sleep in your room.
- I am frightened.
- I said, sleep in your room!
I said, I am frightened!
Madhu, I like you very much.
- Birju, what are you doing?
- Come near me.
What are you doing?
I want to touch you once.
I want to touch you.
Brother!... Brother!
Leave me!... Help!
Brother... he...
Swine! You pretended to be crazy...
... and tried to rape
your future sister-in-law!
I didn't. ... He escaped
from the window. I saved her.
You lie!
Come on, you dog! You pretend!
I shall not spare you alive today!
Swine! You pretend to be crazy!
Do not hit me! I did not do...
Amoral man! You try to rape my sister?
I shall break your hands!
Will you kill him?
Save me!
You pretend, and beg for mercy?
- I beg of you, leave him.
- Move aside!
Brother, telephone the people
in the mental asylum to take him!
Dr. Sinha, this is Rana
Mahindra Pratap speaking.
A madman in my house is beyond
control. Quickly take him away.
I will kill you!
I will not spare you alive!
- Take him away!
- No!
I am not at fault! Do not
send me to the mental hospital!
You're sitting here? I was
looking all over the house for you.
Look, what I've brought for you.
One doesn't get anything at Sitanagar.
Yet, I have brought a shawl for
Mr. Rana and a sweater for brother.
It will look good on him, won't it?
But where is brother Birju?
Madhu, tell me where he is.
Why don't you answer?
Where is brother Birju?
Tell me, where he is.
Why are all of you silent?
Why don't you say where he is?
For God's sake, tell me,
where brother Birju is.
I'll tell you.
Your brother is in
the mental asylum now.
My brother is in the
mental asylum, Madhu?
Who sent him?
Why did you send him to a mental asylum!
His behavior was such.
He tried to rape Madhu.
That is a lie! You accuse my brother!
Say, it is a lie!
You accuse my brother!
Leave him!
There is truth in every
word that my brother uttered.
People consider their younger
brother's wife as their daughter.
Your brother tried
to rape that daughter!
You... you are saying this, Madhu?
Yes, I am saying it because
I endured that experience!
You are committing a sin...
... by make such cheap
accusations on a helpless man.
It can rain fire from the skies,
blood can erupt from the land...
But my brother can never do
anything so disgraceful. Never!
There is... there is
certainly a conspiracy.
Don't you dare try to
accuse my noble brothers!
If they hadn't come on
time the other day...
... then I would not have
been able to show you my face!
You will have to decide today, Raja!
Either I, or your mad brother
will stay in your life!
Don't you dare call my brother mad!
As regards my decision...
I can sacrifice a thousand
girls like you for my brother!
Go away! Even I don't want to
maintain any relations with you!
Vishwa, did you see
the wonder of my brains?
The lover has left for good.
And my sister too has returned to me.
Brother Birju!
They will kill me.
Take me home, Raja.
Nothing will happen
to you when I am here.
Raja, I did not try to rape Madhu.
I know, you can never
do anything so cheap.
Those reprobates have cast
this accusation on you.
But now I am back.
Everything will be okay.
Congratulations, sir! I heard,
you've sent Birju to the asylum.
- When will I get my reward?
- You'll certainly get it.
- Swine!
- You, Raja?
You put the blame on my brother?
Tell me, what the truth is!
I will tell, Raja! Leave me!
You will have to say everything
in front of Madhu! Come on!
Give me the keys!
Driver, start the vehicle.
Raja, my brother!... Is
anybody here? Come here!
How dare you barge in! Get out!
I have some work with
Madhu. My brother...
Save my Raja, Madhu! He
has met with an accident.
Save him, Madhu.
Save him.
Now I know, why you are here!
This need pulled you
here, didn't it? Take it!
You can buy your brother's
life with this! Take it!
I have not come here for money.
I have come here to take you.
Raja wants to see you. He
utters your name, Madhu.
He loves you. You are his life. Come on.
Come on. There is very little time.
Leave my hand!
I have nothing to do with
the life of a man who...
... who made me a living dead.
Our relationship has
ended. Go! Go away!!
Hey, madman! Didn't you
hear what my sister said?
Get lost, or I'll break your bones!
You were the last hope for him.
Even you turned away.
Where will I go?
What will I do?
My Raja will die.
My brother will die.
Bravo, Madhu!
You have really done a good
thing by throwing him out of here.
This is what you should have done.
By doing so, you have proved...
... that you are their sister.
Because the dirty blood
that flows in their veins...
... flows in yours too!
Are you crazy, Sumitra? What
nonsense are you talking?
I am only spewing acid, so
that your facade of decency...
... gets burnt, and she
can see your wicked self.
Then stop spewing acid,...
... or it may burn the
thread of your 'Mangalsutra'.
Since the time, the world was made,...
... man has always threatened
a woman with this thread.
While the poor woman
silently endured everything.
You are threatening me
with this 'Mangalsutra'?
Then today, I free myself of this bond!
Now you cannot prevent me
from speaking the truth.
You don't know, how your brothers
have conspired against you.
You used to tie a
'rakhi' on their hands.
They have crushed your
happiness with the same hands!
If you say a word more, then I
will cut your body into pieces!
Cut, Mahindra Pratap! Cut!!
I am sharper than your sword today!
If you have the guts, then cut me!
To convert his defeat into victory,...
... he did fix your marriage with Raja.
But it was only a charade!
That night, it wasn't
Birju who tried to rape you.
But a hired man sent by your brothers!
That's not all. In order to save
their skin, they tried to kill Raja.
So that his death would
put an end to your love!
One day, looking at your
love, I had prayed to God...
... that I get brothers
like you in every life.
But looking at your true
colors today, I pray to God...
... that no sister should be born...
... in a house where there
are brothers like you.
And I rejected my love
for brothers like you?
No... I shall go.
I shall definitely, go to my Raja.
You will not step out of here!
Didn't you hear? You
will not step out of here!
I will certainly go!
- Your corpse will leave this home.
- Leave me.
- Brother?
- Let her go, Vishwa.
What! Are you in your senses, brother?
Yes. I have come to my senses today.
My Sumitra has opened my eyes.
And made me realize
every mistake of mine.
Let her go, Vishwa.
You may concede defeat. But
I won't bow before her wishes.
- I won't let her go!
- No, Vishwa!
Don't you dare stop her! Leave her!
Go, Madhu! Go far away from
the lives of selfish brothers.
And never return.
Go and settle down.
My blessings are with you. Go, dear.
No!
Brother!
You were going, weren't you? Now go!
I will definitely go to my
Raja. Shoot me too if you wish!
No. I will not kill you.
But I shall wipe that
swine's name off...
... from your heart and mind!
Try. You will be unsuccessful.
You challenge me!
Now take his name!
- Vishwa, leave her!
- Move aside!
I shall say a thousand times.
I will not spare you!
I will leave you incapable
of uttering your lover's name!
God hasn't made man so
strong, that he can break...
... a woman's determination.
You'll also see the truth today!
You back-answer!
Say now! Will you take his name?
Kill me if you wish...
...by slicing me into tiny pieces.
Even the drops of my blood
will utter only his name!
No!
That swine's love flows
in your veins like blood!
Today, I shall burn that body!
- I shall burn it!
- No!
Scoundrel!
You hit Madhu, you swine?
No!... What are you doing?
Raja, no! No!!
What are you looking at?
The girl is here, there's fire,
and it's the 25th of October today.
Take the nuptial rounds.
It is the elder brother's
right to tie this knot.
No, brother! No!
Help! Save me!
This is your punishment.
Nobody is going to save you.
His death is not our aim. His
repentance will be our victory.
Look! He has forgiven you
inspite of your atrocities.
Now get up and seek his forgiveness.
Forgive me.
Brijnath, I have also been
unjust to you. Forgive me too.
Today, I believe that
marriages are made in heaven.
No power on earth can break it.
I will not let you
celebrate your honeymoon.
I have escaped from the
asylum a second time.
At least tell me now,
what the matter was.
- Come here.
- Tell me Quickly.
I beg of you...
Please tell me, what the matter was.
Alright. Well...
- Never mind. You'll get angry.
- I do not get angry!
- Okay. I'll ask my husband.
- Ask anyone, but tell me!
Raja, he is crazy. Speed
away when you get the chance.
Well...
Dishonest woman! You deceived me again!
Where are all of you going?
At least, you tell me,
what the matter was.
I will not get angry!